https://codepen.io/davidkim13/pen/Jjdxjdg?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        HTML that gives meaning to our content such as nav, section, foooter, h1-h6, etc.
    
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        HTML is a markup language that is used for documents that are designed to be displayed in a web browser.
    
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
        An attribute is a modifier for an HTML element. An attributed is added inside the opening tag of an HTML element.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        An h1 tag is the most important heading on the page. You should only use it once.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        img and a

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
        We put metadata about the document that will not be displayed to the browser.

    7. What is an id? 
        An id is a global attribute that is intended to be used for one specific element.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        An id can be added to any body element.

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
        Once.

    10. What is a class?
        A class is a global attribute that can be applied to multiple elements.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        A class can be added to any body element.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
        You can use it as many times as you want.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        You must use an a tag with a href and supply a link.

    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
        An alt attribute is to render alternative text when the element cannot load.

    15. How do I reference an id?
        #

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        A div is a generic container for flow content while a section is a semantic html tag to represent a standalone section on the document.

    17. What is CSS used for? 
        CSS is used to style HTML.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        h2 {

        }

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        You will use a class when you are trying to do something to mutliple elements. You will use an id when you are trying to target one specific element.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS? . {

    }
    
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
            .human {

            }

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        This would be useful when you are trying to select a sub element that is nested inside a parent element.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        .sidebar a {

        }

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        It is a keyword that is added to a selector that specifies a special state of the selected element.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-height

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform: uppercase;
        text-transform: lowercase;
        text-transform: capitalize;

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        border : 1px dotted black;

    29. How do I select everything on the page?
        *

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /* */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
        pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        -rm  You should be careful because it will permanently delete the file.

    34. Why should I use version control? 
        You should use version control because it is a way for large teams to collaborate on projects and track any new changes that are made to the codebase.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
        You should commit approximately every 20-30 minutes.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
        git push u -origin

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        Students will creat their own version of repo(Fork).
        Then add TL as a collaborator.
        Then clone repo.
        Then create a branch git checkout -b 'firstName-lastName'
        Submit pull request into the new branch.
        Use your own fork as the base.
        Add TL as a reviewer on the PR.
        Homework will be complete after TL merges pull request.


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
        Block elements create a line break. Inline elements do not create a line break and are placed inside block elements.

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
        The element is removed from the flow of content. An element with absolute position is not affected by other elements, and it does not affect other elements.

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width?
        You can make it an inline block.

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
        <div>, <p>. <ul> are 3 elements that are display block by default. <span> and <a> are display inline by default. A button is a display inline-block by default.                                                          
    
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
        The browser displays each element as a rectangular box by default. There are four areas of the box which are content edge, padding edge, border edge, and margin edge.
        The content edge has the content of the elment inside it. Next there is a padding space that exists between the content edge and the broder. Lastly, there is a 
        margin edge which is the space between one element and another element. The flexbox is a fix for the box model.    
